Add README.md for `Bridge*/` and `Function/` directories (#75089)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: src/Functions/README.md

Contains implementations of regular SQL functions like `startsWith`, `base58Decode` and `formatDateTime`.

> All functions are registered in FunctionFactory.h. Virtually all functions inherit from interface IFunction. Overload resolving is available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All functions are registered in FunctionFactory.h. Virtually all functions inherit from the interface IFunction. Overload resolving is available
```

Author: Done

via the interfaces in IFunctionAdaptors.h.

Functions have properties like "is_deterministic" and "injective" and they can have aliases. The latter is usually used for compatibility
with other databases like MySQL).

You will need to implement at least two methods:
- `getReturnTypeImpl` - returns the function's return type based on its argument types.
- `executeImpl` - does the actual calculation. The function arguments are provided in the form of a "chunk" (a group of rows with the
                  argument values).

When implementing `getReturnTypeImpl`, make your life easy and use `FunctionArgumentDescriptors` and `validateFunctionArguments` from
src/Functions/FunctionArgumentHelper.h.

Each input argument can be const or non-const, sparse or non-sparse, low-cardinality or non-low-cardinality. IFunction::execute takes care

> to unpack sparse and low-cardinality columns automatically (functions don't need to handle these cases). Const / non-const arguments must be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of unpacking sparse and low-cardinality columns automatically (functions don't need to handle these cases). Const / non-const arguments must be
```
